and what I get the tonight south tryon
upgrade all my horsemen tonight also
I've heard you can turn combat
animations off so maybe I should try to
look to do that Wow anyway options I
heard it under Advanced Options I don't
see advanced options you tell me viewers
I think I have to do it in like an ini
file or something and I could have sworn
I did that already but it's not
registering in game as an effect so
don't know what to say or watch your
battles for now all right I'm all healed
up I like the amount of workers are
pretty sure units are like the vast
majority of what I'm paying and
maintenance right now yeah 50 does it
puts only seven on building although
this is going to get to be a problematic
as the puppets continue to build things
although and I'm not too sad that
they're building culture producing stuff
so when they're building military
producing stuff that's problematic yeah
see this is uh this isn't too bad Paris
ceiling I could do without them
producing barracks but whatever
they're papac's thing they do stupid
stuff I would like to see more bias
towards gold from the puppets I mean
they should be greedy right leaving some
the popular and place get the monies
dude
mmm angkor wat still too far away land
yeah one of the AI is on the other
continent was killed off too okay what
I'm trying to check for now is victory
stuff okay here we go so four players
are still in control their capitals
absolutely I don't know I'm doing
relatives the others in score because I
can't see them votes for me too huh oh
and culture you just get by and lock
fully unlocking five social policies
because of what I've been doing there's
no way that's happening for me but this
is ten percent of production no 25 so
this is only ten percent of production
in the gold so it's really an end
condition in efficient conversion like
you could just build units and delete
them for more money they really need to
balance that they need to at least bring
it up to the point where you can build
the gold as efficiently as you could
build units then delete them nein
seriously that's just silly great
scientist point2 culture plus one
interesting 50 turns though don't know
about that
whatever if it fails it's gold so I was
sending them unit down to venice and
sunland over here and go to the next
turn some lights out
like tell them what to build so we're
taking this seriously I would probably
need to be my crowing my workers and
ordering them just spam trading posts
that would probably pay the bills for me
there we go how much is it to upgrade no
oh that's not too bad at all the
upgrades are much less prohibitive in
this game than they were in the previous
one night night no trying to select the
horsemen Aereo awesome there we go
zero proximate damage inflicted are nice
slower yeah they are that's unfortunate
so they're not slower than my great
general so if it's still not too big a
deal Wow Wow the bonus against Barb's
too let's just get silly all right I am
coming up on the time them so i'll see
you guys the next part